[WIP] RLP Defaults (#456)
Kuadrant/kuadrant-operator: doc/reference/ratelimitpolicy.md

| `spec`    | [RateLimitPolicySpec](#ratelimitpolicyspec)     |     Yes      | The specification for RateLimitPolicy custom resource |
| `status`  | [RateLimitPolicyStatus](#ratelimitpolicystatus) |      No      | The status for the custom resource                    |

## RateLimitPolicySpec

| **Field**   | **Type**                                                                                                                                    | **Required** | **Description**                                                                                        |
|-------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|--------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `targetRef` | [PolicyTargetReference](https://gateway-api.sigs.k8s.io/v1alpha2/references/spec/#gateway.networking.k8s.io/v1alpha2.PolicyTargetReference) | Yes          | Reference to a Kubernetes resource that the policy attaches to                                         |

> | `defaults`  | Map<String: [Limit](#limit)>                                                                                                                | No           | Explicit Limit definitions. This field is mutually exclusive with [Defaults](#defaults) `limits` field |
> | `limits`    | [Defaults](#defaults)                                                                                                                       | No           | Implicit default definitions                                                                           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `defaults` | [Defaults](#defaults)                                                                                                                       | No           | Default limit definitions. This field is mutually exclusive with the `limits` field                     |
| `limits`   | Map<String: [Limit](#limit)>                                                                                                                | No           | Limit definitions. This field is mutually exclusive with the [`defaults`](#defaults) field              |
```
